1st me ka ps: "You have a business with several offices; you want to lease phone lines to connect them up with each other; and the phone company charges different amounts of money to connect different pairs of cities. You want a set of lines that connects all your offices with a minimum total cost. Solve the problem by suggesting appropriate data structures."
(description: have to create minimum spanning tree using prim's algorithm)

2nd me ka ps: "Given sequence k = k1 < K2…<Kn of n sorted keys, with a search probability pi for each key ki. Build the Binary search tree that has the least search cost given the access probability for each key?"
(description: OBST tree)

3rd me ka ps: "Beginning with an empty binary search tree, Construct binary search tree by inserting the values in the order given. After constructing a binary tree - i. Insert new node, ii. Find number of nodes in longest path from root, iii. Minimum data value found in the tree, iv. Change a tree so that the roles of the left and right pointers are swapped at every node, v. Search a value"
(description: have to create a binary search tree class that has the following methods: insert, longestPath, minValue, swap, and search)

4th me ka ps: "Consider a scenario for Hospital to cater services to different kinds of patients as
                Serious (top priority), b) non-serious (medium priority), c) General Check-up (Least
                priority). Implement the priority queue to cater services to the patients."
(description: have to create a priority queue class that has the following methods: enqueue, dequeue, and print)

5th me ka ps: "A book consists of chapters, chapters consist of sections and sections consist of subsections. Construct a tree and print the nodes. Find the time and space requirements of your method."
(description: have to create a tree class that has the following methods: insert, print, and findTimeAndSpace)

6th me ka ps: "Represent a given graph using adjacency matrix/list to perform DFS and using adjacency list to perform BFS. Use the map of the area around the college as the graph. Identify the prominent landmarks as nodes and perform DFS and BFS on that."
(description: have to create a graph class that has the following methods: dfs, bfs, and print)